The meeting discussed progress on researching APIs and matching algorithms for a housing project, with concerns raised about implementing scraping and plans made to create a portal for house owners.

Felipe and Sophia discussed their progress on researching APIs and matching algorithms for the housing project.
They considered using filters and assigning profiles a true/false value based on matching preferences.
Felipe expressed concern about the difficulty of implementing scraping due to limited time.
JJ mentioned finding potential scrapers on GitHub but expressed uncertainty about integrating them with the project.
The team discussed creating a portal for house owners to add their information, with JJ offering to handle the back end.